So we got this chat screen going.
But of course, the chat messages don't look that exciting.
So time to work on those.
We get the message to start file where we render just text as messages and I will simply add a new widget
file here.
Message Bubble Start to render such a chat message bubble in there.
Now message bubble can just be a stateless widget.
It doesn't manage any internal state, it just outputs data and I'll name this message bubble and of
course as always import material to dart from the flutter package so that we can use all those flutter
components.
Now, the idea here is simple here I want to render or output return a more beautiful chat message which
looks nicer than just some boring text.
And to achieve this, we can indeed return a container here because a container is a pretty versatile
component, which we can stall quite a bit and we add decoration to the container.
Now this takes a box decoration object, which we can create with the box decoration constructor function,
and here we can configure a bunch of things.
For example, we can set a color and use, let's say, our accent color here as the base background
color.
We can also set up a border radius to define some rounded corners and here we can then use border radius
dot circular to set a specific border radius on all corners.
Now we can also define a fixed width, not instead of decoration though, but directly in the container,
for example, of 140, so that our message is always contained in a box of this width.
We can also add some padding here and use etch insets symmetric maybe to have different padding to left
and right and top and bottom and for padding to top and bottom.
So for vertical padding, I'll set up heading of ten and for left and right, I want to have a little
bit more space.
So I'll set the horizontal padding to 16.
And of course, as always, you can play around with these values and find the style you like most.
Now also want to add some margin so that there is some space between the different messages.
And here again, I'll use edge insets symmetric to have different spacing to top and bottom and for
left and right and for top and bottom spacing.
I'll use four and four.
Left and right spacing, I'll use eight.
Now, last but not least, inside of that container, I want to have a child and that can be a text
widget here, which should now hold that actual message.
Of course, not hardcoded like this, but received from outside as an input to message bubble.
So therefore, here I'll define a property which is of kind string, which will be our message and that
should be received from outside.
So let's define the message bubble constructor function here and make sure that the first argument we
receive is bound to that message property.
And now that message property will hold the message.
We can output it here.
Now maybe we also want to style this text, so I'll set the style argument on the text widget and set
it to a text style object where you can style whatever you want.
I will just style the color and make sure that we can see this because the box has the accent color
as a background.
Because of that here, I actually want to set the text color to accent text theme.
Dot title, dot color, and that should be a color that stands out from the exit color background.
So that's my message bubble.
Let's give it a try.
Let's go to messages.
And instead of rendering just this text here, we can now render a message bubble here.
Of course.
Make sure you import your message bubble dart file for that.
And Message bubble wants the text that should render as an input.
So we reach out to text to chat docs for the given index and then to the text field in this document.
And if we now save everything, this looks nicer.
Now we got these chat messages.
Still not the final style, but better than nothing.
Now you see that the width is ignored, though the width of 140, which I set up.
Here.
And that happens because it's inside of a list view.
Now we can make sure that the width is respected by, for example, wrapping.
The container here into a row, and you'll see why I want a row in a second.
I have another reason for using that as well.
So if you wrap this in a row now, the width is respected and we have our chat bubbles here.
Now, at the moment, they all have the same look and they're all on the same side.
And of course, in reality, we might want to differentiate between chat messages received or written
by us and chat messages written by another user.
Maybe our messages should be on the right and have a different background colour than the messages we
get from our users.
And to incorporate this, we can go to new message and make sure that when we send this message, we
actually also add a number of field, the user ID field, and that should now be our user ID so that
we can later use that to find out whether it was us who wrote this message or some other user.
Now for that, of course, we need access to our user ID and that's something we'll do in the next lecture.